Today I want to add two features to Cargo.toml, one for generating the SDK, and
one for hooking the game.

I'll have to refactor a good chunk of the code because the information that the
SDK generator needs is mostly different from the information the hook needs,
although both share some common code, such as a few game structures and
functions.

I'll say that generating the SDK is called "dumping". I already have a `dump`
module in place that contains most of the generator-specific code. I imagine
I'll have to move things in and out of that `dump` module when I create the
`hook` module.

To be more specific, here are functionalities that `hook` will need:
    1. Access to the generated SDK.
    2. Access to the helper methods that the SDK relies on.
    3. Access to the handwritten game structures that the hook needs.
    4. Access to the helper methods that the handwritten stuctures rely on.

So let me create that hook module and start moving things in there.

I know that module will need at least a top-level Error enum to communicate
hooking errors to lib.rs. I also know that a RAII structure will be useful to
set up the hook without forgetting to clean it up when we unload the .DLL.

Okay, I got the hook module up, and the printing of unique events through my
detoured ProcessEvent is still working, so the refactor went well.

Per (1) above, the hook module only needs access to the generated SDK. So let me
make two changes: one, change the (hardcoded) path that the dumper places the
generated SDK so that the sdk.rs is under the hook module; and two, include the
sdk module in the hook module.

Done. I also had to make changes to remove the old `include_sdk` feature that I
was using to incrementally test whether the generated SDK compiles; to ignore
the sdk.rs under the new path; and to introduce the two new features `dump` and
`hook`.

While looking at the generated sdk.rs, I noticed that a lot of constants are
duplicated. For example, there are 14 "// WPS_MusicVolume = 107". I'm not going
to dedup those constants, but instead, I'm going to prepend the module and
submodule for each constant. The module and submodule names will provide context
as to where the constant can be used. Let me make an issue on GitHub so I don't
forget.